README.md, before:

# Getting Started with React AR Next

This project was base on [React Web AR](https://github.com/nitin42/React-Web-AR).

## Available Component

In your React Component you could use:

### `ARProvider`

This component need to be on the top level before you use AFrameRenderer or any other Component.

### `AFrameRenderer`

This component will generate a new scene for the Augmented Reality

### `Animation` (Will be removed on the next versions)

This component is only for running a simple animation, please read more about [a-animation](https://aframe.io/docs/1.2.0/components/animation.html#properties) in [Aframe](https://aframe.io/)

### `Box`

This component is a primative element in [AFrame](https://aframe.io/docs/1.2.0/primitives/a-box.html)

### `Entity`

This component is an entity element in [AFrame](https://aframe.io/docs/1.2.0/core/entity.html)

### `Marker`

This component is a marker object in [AR Js](https://ar-js-org.github.io/AR.js-Docs/marker-based/)

### `Example`

This component is an example of the [AR Js](https://ar-js-org.github.io/AR.js-Docs/)


## Usage and Implementations

1. Add ARProvider in the top level of your React Apps, you could add it in index.js, inde.jsx or App.js, App.jsx as long as the other component is being used after that files.
2. Add AFrameRenderer on the top level before the other component

    Example in App.jsx:
    ```js
    <div>
      <AFrameRenderer>
      {....}
      </AFrameRenderer>
    </div>
    ```
3. Add Marker component followed by Entity or Box component
   
    Example in App.jsx:
    ```js
    ...
    <Marker parameters={...}>
      <Entity .../>
    </Marker>
    ...
    ```
4. Run your react apps and have fun

Commit message:

fix: animations wont play, ar toolkit settings

README.md, after:

# Getting Started with React AR Next

This project was base on [React Web AR](https://github.com/nitin42/React-Web-AR).

## Available Component

In your React Component you could use:

### `ARProvider`

This component need to be on the top level before you use AFrameRenderer or any other Component.

### `AFrameRenderer`

This component will generate a new scene for the Augmented Reality


### `Box`

This component is a primative element in [AFrame](https://aframe.io/docs/1.2.0/primitives/a-box.html)

### `Entity`

This component is an entity element in [AFrame](https://aframe.io/docs/1.2.0/core/entity.html)

### `Marker`

This component is a marker object in [AR Js](https://ar-js-org.github.io/AR.js-Docs/marker-based/)

### `Example`

This component is an example of the [AR Js](https://ar-js-org.github.io/AR.js-Docs/)


## Usage and Implementations

1. Add ARProvider in the top level of your React Apps, you could add it in index.js, inde.jsx or App.js, App.jsx as long as the other component is being used after that files.
2. Add AFrameRenderer on the top level before the other component

    Example in App.jsx:
    ```js
    <div>
      <AFrameRenderer>
      {....}
      </AFrameRenderer>
    </div>
    ```
3. Add Marker component followed by Entity or Box component
   
    Example in App.jsx:
    ```js
    ...
    <Marker parameters={...}>
      <Entity .../>
    </Marker>
    ...
    ```
4. Add some Animation if you want a simple animations
   
   Example in App.jsx:
    ```js
    ...
    <Marker parameters={...}>
      <Entity animation={{
        property: 'rotation',
        to: '0 360 0',
        dur: '5000',
        loop: true,
        }}
      />
    </Marker>
    ...
    ```
5. . Run your react apps and have fun
